Linked to CoC and Contrib guide, plus explicit message about small PRs. (#7569)
thepracticaldev/dev.to: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

     commits if your PR already received reviews or comments.

     Before submitting a Pull Request, please ensure you've done the following:

>      - 📖 Read the DEV Contributing Guide, https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#create-a-pull-request and the Code of Conduct, https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Reviewer: Can we not make DEV Contributing Guide a link in markdown, and the same with coc?

Author: I was going to do that, but this content is within an HTML comment and so it will only ever be seen in edit mode.

Reviewer 2: Hah, I had the same comment, @Ridhwana !

Reviewer 3: I think making a link is actually less readable, because this is inside of a comment. Right?

Reviewer 2: I guess that's true, I couldn't tell that on initial review. How about this:
```
Before submitting a Pull Request, please ensure you've done the following:
- 📖 Read the DEV Contributing Guide: https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#create-a-pull-request.
- 📖 Read the DEV Code of Conduct: https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md.
```

Author: Done

>      - 📖 Read the DEV Contributing Guide, https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#create-a-pull-request and the Code of Conduct, https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Reviewer 2: Can we link to these markdown files with github markdown rather than just linking to it directly?

>      - 👷‍♀️ Create small PRs. This is not always possible, but in general it is.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - 👷‍♀️ Create small PRs. While this is not always possible, in many cases, it is.
```

>      - ✅ Provided tests for your changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - ✅ Provide tests for your changes.
```

>      - 📝 Use descriptive commit messages

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - 📝 Use descriptive commit messages.
```

>      - 📗 Updated any relevant documentation and added any necessary screenshots

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - 📗 Update any related documentation and include any relevant screenshots.
```
